Url regexp (#43)
sphinx-contrib/httpdomain: doc/index.rst

      .. versionadded:: 1.1.2

    ``url_regexp``

>       Filters urls by matching based on a regexp instance built based
>       on the regular expression passed here as a string. The ones not matching
>       are discarded.
> 
>       .. versionadded:: 1.8.1

Reviewer: I think this is more clear to the reader.

```suggestion
      Filters URLs by matching a regular expression passed into the parameter ``url_regexp`` as a string.
      The URLs that don't match get discarded.

      .. versionadded:: 2.1.0
```
